AEA-560 Future work section in Aries demo docs (#1170)
fetchai/agents-aea: docs/aries-cloud-agent-demo.md

## Discussion

This demo corresponds with the one <a href="https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python/blob/master/demo/README.md" target=_blank>here</a> from <a href="https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python" target=_blank> aries cloud agent repository </a>.

> The aim of this demo is to illustrate how AEAs can connect to ACAs, thus gaining all of their capabilities, such as issuing and requesting verifiable credential, selective disclosure and zero knowledge proof. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this demo is to illustrate how AEAs can connect to ACAs, thus gaining all of their capabilities, such as issuing and requesting verifiable credentials, selective disclosure and zero knowledge proofs. 
```
